[CF1] add WARP technical details (#23590)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/index.mdx

    content: About Cloudflare WARP
---

## About Cloudflare WARP

The Cloudflare WARP client allows you to protect corporate devices by securely and privately sending traffic from those devices to Cloudflare's global network, where [Cloudflare Gateway](/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/) can apply advanced web filtering. The WARP client also makes it possible to apply advanced [Zero Trust policies](/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/) that check for a device's health before it connects to corporate applications.

## How WARP works

WARP is a device client, which builds proxy tunnels using either Wireguard or MASQUE, and builds a DNS proxy using DNS-over-HTTPS. WARP supports all major operating systems, all common forms of endpoint management tooling, and has a robust series of management parameters and profiles to accurately scope the needs of a diverse user base.

The WARP client comprises of:

> - Graphical User Interface (GUI): User-friendly control panel to view WARP's [status](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/troubleshooting/connectivity-status/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Graphical User Interface (GUI): Control panel that allows end users to view WARP's status and perform actions such as turning on or off WARP.
```
